What is the  Eligibility Criteria?
Pass with 60% aggregate marks in 10+2 or equivalent (with Physics, Mathematics and English)* subject to qualifying LPUNEST (B.Tech.)
 For B.Tech. Biotechnology (BT), B.Tech. (Food Technology), B.Tech. (Biomedical Engineering) and Integrated B.Tech. - M.Tech. (Biotechnology).
subjects considered: Physics, Chemistry, English & either Maths or Biology or Biotechnology; other things remaining same as above.
for B.Tech. Chemical Engineering (CHE) and B.Tech. (CHE - Petroleum) 

subjects considered: Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics and English; other things remaining same as above.

How to get admission in Lovely Professional university?
Student have to clear the LPUNEST. Applicants appearing for LPUNEST (B.Tech.) should have either completed or shall be appearing in 2019, in final examination of 10+2 from Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE, New Delhi) or The Council for Indian School Certificate Examination (CISCE, New Delhi) or State Board or any other Council, Institution, college etc. declared recognised by Council of Boards of School Education (COBSE), New Delhi or any other concerned apex body as applicable.


Full scholarship schemes in Lovely Professional university?
LPU offers special scholarship scheme of full Programme fee waiver to top 20 Rank holders of every recognized school board(State, Central and Open Board provided minimum 1000 students should have appeared in the said exam).
The scholarship scheme is as below:
1.Full Programme Fee waiver (Including Examination Fee), and
2.Free Stay in four seater room (Air Cooled Room) in hostel Or Free Transport Facility.

Scholarship?
Scholarship for a specific Programme depends on Performance in LPUNEST
there are three brackets:
1.LPUNEST score more than or equal to Category I cut-off.
2.LPUNEST score more than or equal to Category II cut-off.
3.LPUNEST score more than or equal to Category III cut-off.
Scholarship applicable for all programmes will be as per following table:
For All Programmes:
            LPUNEST category slab	                                      Applicable Scholarship
LPUNEST score more than or equal to Category I cut-off	                      50% of Programme Fee
LPUNEST score more than or equal to Category II cut-off	                      40% of Programme Fee
LPUNEST score more than or equal to Category III cut-of                       30% of Programme Fee
For B.Tech. Computer Science & Engineering Programmes (Including Hons., Integrated, Dual and Lateral Entry), Under Graduate Agriculture Programme, Post Graduate Agriculture Programmes and MBA Programmes:
            LPUNEST category slab	                                      Applicable Scholarship
LPUNEST score more than or equal to Category I cut-off	                      40% of Programme Fee
LPUNEST score more than or equal to Category II cut-off	                      30% of Programme Fee
LPUNEST score more than or equal to Category III cut-off	              20% of Programme Fee
what is the course fee?
74k/sem
what is fee?
74k/sem
hostel facility?
yes
is hostel facility available?
yes
hostel fee?
54k
what is hostel fee?
54k

